so welcome to this new lesson on idioms
and expressions and slangs the first
idiom we're gonna have or the first word
phrase we're gonna have is killing it
killing it significa que está haciendo un
excelente trabajo o sea lo está haciendo
súper bien for example she's killing it
in her career she's killing it in her
career okay say it with me killing it
pretty good excellent once again killing
it pretty nice nice
excellent
great now the next one to die for to die
for means algo que es muy bueno que es
muy deseado o envidiable
so for example she has a job to die for
she has a job to die for say it with me
to die for pretty good once once again to
die for nice excellent the next one
tearing her hair out tearing their hair
out tearing their hair out significa que
los está abrumando okay que los está
preocupando que están muy frustrados
example sentence but they are tearing out
their hair or they are tearing their hair
out because she's not married say it with
me tearing their hair out you pretty good
pretty good excellent again tearing their
hair out pretty nice nice great job let's
go to the next one give a hoot give a
hoot give a hoot importar algo give a
hoot importar algo she doesn't even seem
to give a hoot about it she doesn't even
seem to give a hoot about it que no le
importa siquiera eso okay say it with me
give a hoot pretty good excellent once
again give a hoot right great job next
one is your jam is your jam your jam your
jam es tu lugar favorito o algo favorito
si eso que pues le cae bien a tus
preferencias que son lo que a ti te gusta
your jam is your jam say it with me is
your jam pretty good excellent once again
is your jam pretty nice next get the low
down get the low down es obtener
información detallada okay get the low
down obtener información detallada
example sentence I'd love to get the low
down on you I'd love to get the low down
on you so get the low down say it with me
get the low down you pretty good
excellent once again get the low down
pretty nice great job next one hit
hitched hitched hitched es estar casado
okay casado so are you hitched say it
with me hitched you pretty nice great job
once again hitched pretty good now flying
solo flying solo es estar soltero flying
solo say it with me flying solo pretty
good nice so I think that that was
everything for today and I'll see you in
the next one bye bye